c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\Warehouse.exe.config
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\Warehouse.exe
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\Warehouse.pdb
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\Warehouse.xml
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.g.resources
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.Resources.resources
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.exe
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.xml
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.pdb
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.vb
c:\users\yozuke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Yozuke\Source\Repos\Warehouse\Warehouse\bin\Debug\Warehouse.exe.config
C:\Users\Yozuke\Source\Repos\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.exe
C:\Users\Yozuke\Source\Repos\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.xml
C:\Users\Yozuke\Source\Repos\Warehouse\Warehouse\obj\Debug\Warehouse.pdb
